Allow users to specify custom ports for the services (#27)
Admyral-Security/admyral: docs/pages/quickstart.mdx

</Tabs>

<details>
    <summary> Optionally, specify custom ports for the needed services </summary>
    
    Copy the content of `.env.example` file to a new file called `.env`:    
    ```bash
    cp .env.example .env
    ```

    Open the `.env` file and adjust the ports as needed.

    Source the `.env` file to load the environment variables:

    ```bash
    source .env
    ```

</details>

To launch Admyral use the following command:

```bash
admyral up
```

> You can open the Admyral UI by visiting `http://localhost:3000` (if no custom port was specified for `ADMYRAL_WEB_PORT`) in your browser.

Reviewer: I would prefer the following formulation a bit more:

```suggestion
You can open the Admyral UI by visiting http://localhost:3000 in your browser. If a custom port was defined using `ADMYRAL_WEB_PORT`, use the defined port number instead of `3000`.
```

I would then also use a similar one for the other changes.
